Add onboarding updates (#29299)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/storage-monitoring-setup.md

### Installation

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Recommended: Storage Monitoring UI" %}}

> The fastest way to set up Storage Monitoring is going to Infrastructure -> Storage Monitoring -> [Add Buckets][https://app.datadoghq.com/storage-monitoring?mConfigure=true]. In the Add Buckets page you can configure multiple S3 buckets for Storage Monitoring in one go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fastest way to set up Storage Monitoring is going to **Infrastructure > Storage Monitoring > [Add Buckets][https://app.datadoghq.com/storage-monitoring?mConfigure=true]**. On the Add Buckets page, you can configure multiple S3 buckets for Storage Monitoring in one go.
```
Please use [numbered reference-style links](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links) -- this is just to support proper translation.

1. Go to Datadog > Infrastructure > Storage Monitoring.

> 2. Click [Add Buckets][https://app.datadoghq.com/storage-monitoring?mConfigure=true]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click [Add Buckets][https://app.datadoghq.com/storage-monitoring?mConfigure=true].
```

{{< img src="integrations/guide/storage-monitoring/add-buckets.png" alt="Select buckets for enabling Storage Monitoring" responsive="true">}}

3. Enable Amazon S3 Integration and Resource collection for all the AWS accounts you want to monitor.

>   Note: For each AWS account that has the S3 buckets you want to monitor, make sure your Datadog IAM role(s) includes the following permissions: `s3:GetObject`, `s3:ListObjects`, `s3:PutInventoryConfiguration`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note**: For each AWS account that has the S3 buckets you want to monitor, make sure your Datadog IAM roles include the following permissions: `s3:GetObject`, `s3:ListObjects`, and `s3:PutInventoryConfiguration`.
```

> 4. Select the S3 buckets you want to monitor with Storage Monitoring. Tip: You can select buckets from multiple AWS accounts at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the S3 buckets you want to monitor with Storage Monitoring. You can select buckets from multiple AWS accounts at once.
```

{{< img src="integrations/guide/storage-monitoring/step-2.png" alt="Select buckets for enabling Storage Monitoring" responsive="true">}}

> 5. Assign a destination bucket (may already exist, or create a new one in AWS) per region to store S3 inventory reports from the source buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Assign a destination bucket per region to store S3 inventory reports from the source buckets. This can be an existing AWS bucket or a new one.
```

- Source bucket: The S3 bucket you want to monitor with Storage Monitoring
- Destination bucket: Used to store inventory reports (one per AWS region, can be reused)

> 6. Complete the configuration. The inventory generation process will start within AWS (may take up to 24 hours for first report).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Complete the configuration. The inventory generation process will start within AWS within 24 hours of the first report.
```
Is there a more concrete action the user takes to "complete the configuration", like clicking a Save button or similar? It might be better to describe the exact action, so the user is not confused about what is required for completion.

> 7. Return to Infrastructure > Storage Monitoring to see your bucket(s) appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Return to **Infrastructure > Storage Monitoring** to see your bucket(s) appear.
```
